Saving and restoring scroll position in composition mode (#3268)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: samples/04.api/n.save-restore-scroll-position/README.md

We will put the overlay container on the top of the page.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```css
.button-overlay {
  background-color: White;
  border-color: #393;
  border-radius: 4px;
  border-style: solid;
  border-width: 2px;
  box-shadow: 0 0 10px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.05);
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  left: 10px;
  padding: 5px;
  position: absolute;
  top: 10px;
}

.button-overlay__button {
  margin: 5px;
}

.button-overlay__saved-position {
  margin: 5px;
  padding: 0;
}
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Create a new React component

Then, we will add the React component, which will house the buttons.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```js
const ButtonOverlay = () => {
  return (
    <div className="button-overlay">
    </div>
  );
};
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Add the React component to API container

Lastly, we will render the `<ButtonOverlay>` in the API container.

```diff
  ReactDOM.render(
    <Composer directLine={window.WebChat.createDirectLine({ token })}>
      <BasicWebChat />
+     <ButtonOverlay />
      <SendHelpOnConnect />
    </Composer>,
    document.getElementById('webchat')
  );
```

## Observing change of scroll positions

> The [`useObserveScrollPosition`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/docs/HOOKS.md#useobservescrollposition) hook subscribe to changes of scroll positions. Since scroll positions change rapidly during scrolling, the callback function should be as lightweight as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`useObserveScrollPosition`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/docs/HOOKS.md#useobservescrollposition) hook subscribes to scroll position changes. Since the scroll positions change rapidly during scrolling, the callback function should be as lightweight as possible.
```
